still a shortened week like all
the months of may but fortunately he
seems that the good weather is also
of the party this week hello to
all welcome to the new studios
of video tickets we are Monday 5
May 2014 and this is the news flash of the day
that's the 600 that in a month
will run the wwdc the conference
annual developers of apple is the
favorite sport of the aficionados of the
mark at the apple is obviously of
predict what the tim cook firm is going to
to be able to announce the two main
rumors concern the annunciation of the hague
iphone 6 watch but it looks good
that none of this should be there
presented according to various sources it does not
no mention will be made of
new hardware in June because as
last year the event will focus
only on the new bones of the
indeed mark ayo and suites and the
latest version of mac os will be
widely discussed despite some other
rumors also appeared a few years ago
days it will not be in June either
that we should have news of
the apple tv be it the small module
of media reading that is today
in its third version that the famous
tele2 apple that is becoming more and more
unlikely over the months for everyone
those who are impatiently waiting for the iphone
6 who should finally pass a screen of
much larger size so it will take
wait for the month of September
next in the category of
smartphones
amazing but who are going to have a hard time
get into your jeans pocket here
the crazy peppers this is a
innovation created by the human laboratory
media lab of the Canadian University of
queen's the piper fold is a smartphone
equipped with three screens just that which
assemble modulable way a little
like a puzzle and that can be
fold in several positions next
used to the goal we can for example
use one of the screens as a keyboard
touch then we have the impression of
work on a laptop
it is also possible to imagine
several other uses like display
a conversation on a microphone and a
web page on another the crazy piper is
equipped with horse screens that limit
so the quality of the data displayed
but that also allows a long
autonomy
if he is today a prototype he
could, however, be of interest
brands one can for example think of
motorola in the smartphone project
scalable stud is ultimately not so
far from this one we talk about it again
maybe in a few years the
developers fans of comics it's nothing
exceptional but from there to propose
complete tools to developers for
do very advanced research in
a huge database and cancer
the only one sticking to it is rather
unusual and that's what
so propose marvel the publisher of comics
spider man x men captain america or
still iron man with the country marvel
comics the publisher provides indeed
software tools allowing
developers to query the database of
marvel comics data to draw some
metadata of all types for example one
can query the base of marvel on
the characters the parallel universes
organizations the species
aliens the animals the epics
that change the universe the crossover
between several heroes etc
and if you wonder what
can serve its api know that they
will allow developers to
create web or mobile applications
around the universe of our heroes
favorite
to follow the question of the day does not come from
maxim that can not recover
his messages
othman from his iphone who persist
to him indicated that his password is
erroneous maxime nice try that does not
not walk and so ask us our
help
hello maxime I reassure you are far
to be the only one to have met this
problem recently it does not come from
the iphone but the two-way check
cutting steps in com that replaced
high mail windows live at the highest
point as requires since a certain
time this double security for himself
connect to his account with sending a
four-digit code on an address
alternative or via SMS
but the problem is that some
platforms are not yet
compatible with this step
intermediate and this is the case of ayo is
this to succeed anyway to
to connect it must be indicated a word of
pass app which is different from
your email password for
find the one you have to go to them
40 live.com points
then in the game and security and words
password looking at the word part of
pass application then you have to click
about creating an application password
you will find a rather slow password
that you will have to enter instead of tom
or usual password on your iphone and
attention for each device
different that is not compatible with
this two-step verification
you will have to create a new word of
pass application to September even
attention we talked about ex men and what
is not quite finished since in
you reserve a little surprise Monday
next will be held in Paris the front
first of x-men days of future path t
be geek and tcl make you win
invitations to come to attend this
exceptional evening that will take place at
big rex to try to win is going
must be very attentive to the message
published by the new twitter account of
biggie video that is showing here
subscribe to try to win your
places for the premiere and
so do not forget to subscribe to
our channel youtube freche new it's
finished for today we end up
tomorrow for the new act of the planet
high tech
hi to all and have a good day